README.md, before:

## Get Full Account History from ING Homebank in JSON format
Bypass the pesky 24 months limit and get a full detailed actual computer-readable format (JSON) file of your transactions 

I usually hate it when companies impose limits that don't really have any meaning behind them.

I needed a computer readable format of all my transactions I've made from my ING account, their CSV export are really unusable and they also have this no-sense 24 months limit.

### But whyyyyy?

So, the script from this repo is actually a console-script that downloads ALL your Transactions is a nice JSON format.

What do you need to do for it to work?

1. Log in to https://www.homebank.ro/
2. Go to the Transactions Report Screen (Raport tranzactii) in the new interface
3. Open the console
4. Paste the script (from here - https://github.com/eek/ing-homebank-get-all-transaction-history/blob/master/index.js)

After you paste the script, you'll get a `.json` file to download.

That's it!

Enjoy!

#### Variables

Yes, the script has some variables you can change!

They are:

- `account` - integer to specify which account you want (if you have just one leave 0, if you want to download from the 2nd account, change to 1, and so on...)
- `fromDate` - the date from which to get transactions, by default it's `01-01-2008`, it needs to be in `DD-MM-YYYY` format
- `toDate` - the last date of transactions you want - `defaults to today`.
- `transactionsLimit` - the limit of transactions to download - default to `100000`

I haven't added them as params to the function, you can change them as you wish before running it in console.

That's about it!

Enjoy!

License: MIT

Commit message:

Update: README with more info about account IDs

README.md, after:

## Get Full Account History from ING Homebank in JSON format
Bypass the pesky 24 months limit and get a full detailed actual computer-readable format (JSON) file of your transactions 

I usually hate it when companies impose limits that don't really have any meaning behind them.

I needed a computer readable format of all my transactions I've made from my ING account, their CSV export are really unusable and they also have this no-sense 24 months limit.

### But whyyyyy?

So, the script from this repo is actually a console-script that downloads ALL your Transactions is a nice JSON format.

What do you need to do for it to work?

1. Log in to https://www.homebank.ro/
2. Go to the Transactions Report Screen (Raport tranzactii) in the new interface
3. Open the console
4. Paste the script (from here - https://github.com/eek/ing-homebank-get-all-transaction-history/blob/master/index.js)

After you paste the script, you'll get a `.json` file to download.

That's it!

Enjoy!

#### Variables

Yes, the script has some variables you can change!

They are:

- `account` - integer to specify which account you want (if you have just one leave 0, if you have more accounts, it might be possible that your first account to be the last account number (if you have 3 accounts, the first one might be `account 2`)
- `fromDate` - the date from which to get transactions, by default it's `01-01-2008`, it needs to be in `DD-MM-YYYY` format
- `toDate` - the last date of transactions you want - `defaults to today`.
- `transactionsLimit` - the limit of transactions to download - default to `100000`

I haven't added them as params to the function, you can change them as you wish before running it in console.

That's about it!

Enjoy!

License: MIT
